Please answer this questionnaire using a different-colored font. Typically, Red or Blue works best for us to spot your answers easily.
The responses you provide here will help us create prepared messages to send to your website visitors in a chat. Feel free to elaborate and provide as many details as possible. 

1.   Where would you like us to direct employment inquiries?


2.   What is our point of contact referred to as? (i.e., Community Manager, Leasing Manager, Leasing Specialist, Member of our Leasing Team, etc.)


3.   What email addresses would you like included on our distribution list to receive real-time leads? There can be multiple.


4.   Do you use a CRM like Yardi or Realpage to which we can send leads? If so, can you provide us with a tracking/parsing email and the source you want us to use?


5.   Is there a specific day or time best for us to schedule visits during your leasing office hours?


6.   What time are you comfortable with your first tour of the day coming in?


7.   What time are you comfortable with your last tour of the day coming in?


8.   Are any days or times off-limits for scheduling tours?


9.   Is any part of your community under construction? If so, when do you anticipate its completion?


10. can we offer hardhat tours, temporary Leasing Office visits, or something similar if you are under construction?


11. What are your Leasing Office hours?


12. What email address can we give prospects who want to reach you?


13. What is the fax number for the community?


14. Do you offer subsidized or low-income housing? Are there any Section-8 or MFTE housing voucher floor plans available?


15. Do you have a mix of affordable and non-affordable units?


16. Can you please provide us with a short list of the qualifications for being a community resident (e.g., 3X the rent, no evictions, good credit, etc.…)?


17. Do all apartments have air conditioning? Can residents use window-mounted or portable AC units?


18. What kind of heat do the units have? (gas, electric, central)


19. Is there a washer and dryer in the apartment? If not, are there hookups?


20. Are the washer and dryer full size? Stackable, energy efficient?


21. What appliances are included in apartments? Please list the appliances included in the unit and what finish options are available, such as stainless steel, oil-rubbed bronze, or something else.


22. What kind of flooring is available in the units? Is it the same throughout the unit, or is it different depending on the room?


23. Do you have any additional storage options for residents? If so, what are the sizes and costs of the units, and where are they located?


24. Are bike storage, bike lockers, or a bike station available?


25. Are patios or balconies available? Is it for all apartments or select units?


26. Do any of your floor plans feature a private yard, grassy area, fenced-in area, or anything similar?


27. Do you have a fitness center? What type of equipment is available? What are the hours it is open? Is it year-round?


28. How many apartments are there in the community in total? How many studios, one-bedroom, two-bedroom, and three-bedroom apartments are there?


29. What year was the building built? When was the last renovation? What renovations took place?


30. How many stories tall is the building?


31. Do you have elevators? How many?


32. Are ADA-compliant apartments available? If so, what is included in these units to make them more accommodating?


33. Where would you like us to direct complaints?


34. Does the building feature controlled access? Are keys, cards, or fobs issued with a new lease?


35. How much is the deposit to rent a unit? Does it vary on the number of bedrooms? Can this be waived or refunded for any reason?


36. How much is the application fee? Is this per applicant or unit? Can this be waived or refunded?


37. Do you have an administrative fee, or are there any other fees we need to know about for a move-in?


38. If someone asks how much the move-in fees total, what is the sum for everything? Are any of these fees refundable? Are they per person or floor plan?


39. Do you offer furnished housing options? If not, do you partner with anyone to provide this service?


40. Do you offer corporate housing options? Whether furnished, short-term, or rented by a corporation for an employee?


41. What lease lengths are offered in the community?


42. Do you offer short-term leases? Is there an additional fee or premium for this?


43. If someone asks about breaking their, how would you like us to respond to this?


44. Do you allow residents to sublease their units?


45. Do you allow residents to rent their units through Airbnb, VRBO, or a similar service?


46. Where can maintenance issues be submitted? Is there a phone number or email address to reach them?


47. If a resident needs to contact someone after hours and it is an immediate concern, say a pipe bursts at 11 PM, what is the phone number for a resident to reach emergency maintenance?


48. Is there an online application? Or do prospects need to apply in person?


49. How does parking work? (Covered, garage, personal garages, valet, etc.)
50. What is the cost of parking?


51. How many parking spots does each apartment get? Can they pay for additional spaces?


52. Do you have Electric Vehicle Charging Spots?


53. Can residents pay their rent online through a payment portal? Can they make a cash or check payment for their rent?


54. What is your pet policy?


55. Do you have any pet restrictions? Breed, weight, exotic animals, etc. If possible, please include an attached sheet with all of the restrictions.


56. What is the pet deposit? Is this refundable?


57. How much is the pet rent? Is this per pet or month?


58. Do you have a pet area, such as a dog run, off-leash area, or places where residents can take their pets in specified pet areas?


59. Do you have a pet wash station?


60. Do you allow other animals besides cats and dogs?


61. Do you have a pool or a hot tub?


62. If you have a hot tub and pool, is it open year-round? What hours?


63. What quiet hours does the community enforce?


64. Do you have resident guest parking?


65. If someone finds that another resident or guest has parked in their parking spot, can they call to have the car towed? How would this be handled after hours?


66. Is there any security? Nightly patrol, on-call services?


67. Is the community nonsmoking? Are there designated smoking areas outside?


68. What specials or concessions are currently offered that we can promote through chat?


69. Where would you like future residents to park during their visit?


70. Are any utilities included with the monthly rent? Do you have any estimates on what residents might pay monthly? Even a rough estimate would be helpful, as this question comes up quite a bit.


71. If you offer on-site laundry, is this paid for with resident-issued cards, bill changers, coins, or something else?


72. Do any of the apartments have a view? What are the views?


73. What are your starting prices for each apartment type? Studios start at $XXXX, 1 bedroom plans start at $XXXX, 2 bedroom plans start at $XXXX, etc.…


74. What is the square footage range of each floor plan type? Studios range from XXX to XXX sq. ft., one-bedroom plans range from XXX to XXXX sq. ft., two-bedroom plans range from XXXX to XXXX sq. ft., etc…


75. Can we quote availability live off the website?


76. Can we quote pricing live off of the website?


77. What is the occupant limit per bedroom?


78. Do you have concierge services available through your leasing office?


79. Is the community gated?


80. What community amenities are available? (business center, resident lounge, T.V. room)


81. Do you have any amenities unique to your community that are good selling points for us to mention?


82. Is there a rooftop lounge available? What amenities are available? What hours is it open? Can residents access this year-round?


83. What apartment amenities are available?


84. If residents choose to have cable installed, what providers service the building? Dish Network, Comcast, Direct TV, Frontier, etc.


85. What internet providers service the building? Is fiber internet available at the building?


86. Is there a holding fee if someone wants to place a hold on an apartment but is a few months down the road from actually renting it?


87. What payment methods do you accept for rent and other fees from residents?


88. What types of stoves are available in your apartments? Electric, gas, induction, etc.


89. Do you have virtual tours available on your site? If so, where are these located?


90. What public transportation options are available near your community, and how close are they? Bus, train, light rail?


91. Are packages held at your front office or delivered to each resident’s doorstep?


92. What time can packages be picked up from the community? During regular business hours or 24/7?


93. If you have a clubhouse or central meeting location in the community, can it be rented? Could a non-resident rent it?


94. Do you offer any preferred employer discounts? Do you partner with any employers to provide discounts for rent or other services?


95. Do you offer any military or government employee discounts or benefits?


96. Do you offer any roommate matching services?


97. Do you offer resident activities? Is there a calendar visitors can view?


98. Do you have an age requirement?


99. How old must a resident be to fill out an application and live in the community?


100. Are any meals or food perks available to residents, like beverages in the community fridge, adult beverages in summer, and snacks?


101. Do you offer any referral bonuses for real estate agents or apartment hunters?


102. What are the COVID-19 restrictions in place in the community?


103. Are there any restrictions on your community amenities (pool, gym, pet area, etc.) due to COVID-19, renovation, or construction?


104. Is the Leasing Office open during business hours, or are there limited days or hours in place?


105. What touring options are you currently offering for prospects? (in-person, self-guided, virtual, etc.)